now Tony I know today that you are going
to do as i specially request coming up
the following that traditional Irish
dish called Cana
and yet I'm going to especially for you
my way okay only slightly different okay
I have some scallions you use young
onion in years but I use scallions or
spring onion in mine and I got a trophy
soft nice and fine and the chopped
scallions I'm going to put into the milk
how much milk I have around about half a
pint of milk is 200 mils and I going to
simmer those and reduce the milk now
that is full fat milk that is the
creamiest milk you can get okay
and I'm going to simmer that gently and
cook it for few minutes
I have here some curly kale now
traditionally this will use it in common
in England then use cabbage so you
notice I'm take the stalk off that's
quite hard that in very how do you leave
that in no I pretty dumb okay so I take
off the store and I'm going to shred the
rest off I do this with the scissors
either okay I'll say nothing it's very
practical promise it says you like to
show me one day I prepare the kale I've
trimmed all the stalk off it I've rinsed
it off sometimes the kale can be a
little bit sandy so I made sure that
I've rinsed a properly and I'm going to
cook it I will only use a small amount
of water and I pour that into the
saucepan and the only other water is the
water that is in the rinse from the kale
I haven't squeezed a dry now I'm going
to wait till it comes up to the boil and
cook up around about 10 minutes
meanwhile I've got to get my potato
ready I've got my potatoes now these
have been cooked already and you can see
the nice and Flowery they are yet I'm
going to pull up my bowl I'm going to
mash them see the milk is evaporated and
I'm going to throw that in here mix that
in nicely
salt pepper let's have a little taste is
that soft enough you it's not right it's
off my kale is nice and soft and tender
oh yeah okay I'm going to add my potato
to that now I've got my potato with my
scallions in my milk in with my kale and
now go on a big dollop of butter I'll
just let that melt in with the potato
and the kale and then will serve the
sausages on top ok can I introduce you
to my personal variation on this dish go
on
when I'm with your sausages and your and
your poker I found with absolutely
glorious with a light fried egg right
we're going to stick Friday in with it
this is special requests will look and
pleasure the fat for me
I'd only this is just scrumptious fatten
you up this is so satisfying it is
gorgeous
turn the camera off I want to finish
this off right I'm enjoying it too much
you know you can't be traditional IRA
listen man listen you know when I lived
away it was nothing better when you feel
a bit town is have some good home food I
need to cook this myself
we have to do Irish juicer well good
enough
you